com/example/personalchef/view/home/HomeView.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.home.HomeView
com/example/personalchef/CustomAdapter.java
 com.example.personalchef.CustomAdapter
com/example/personalchef/view/detail/DetailView.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.detail.DetailView
com/example/personalchef/categories/DinnerActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.categories.DinnerActivity
 com.example.personalchef.categories.DinnerActivity$1
com/example/personalchef/adapter/RecyclerViewMealByCategory.java
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewMealByCategory
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewMealByCategory$ClickListener
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewMealByCategory$RecyclerViewHolder
com/example/personalchef/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.RegisterActivity
 com.example.personalchef.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.personalchef.RegisterActivity$1$1
 com.example.personalchef.RegisterActivity$2
com/example/personalchef/RepickActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.RepickActivity
 com.example.personalchef.RepickActivity$1
 com.example.personalchef.RepickActivity$2
 com.example.personalchef.RepickActivity$3
 com.example.personalchef.RepickActivity$4
com/example/personalchef/api/FoodApi.java
 com.example.personalchef.api.FoodApi
com/example/personalchef/categories/LunchActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.categories.LunchActivity
 com.example.personalchef.categories.LunchActivity$1
com/example/personalchef/Utils.java
 com.example.personalchef.Utils
com/example/personalchef/model/Meals.java
 com.example.personalchef.model.Meals
 com.example.personalchef.model.Meals$Meal
com/example/personalchef/adapter/RecyclerViewHomeAdapter.java
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewHomeAdapter
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewHomeAdapter$ClickListener
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.RecyclerViewHomeAdapter$RecyclerViewHolder
com/example/personalchef/StarterActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity$1
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity$2
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity$3
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity$4
 com.example.personalchef.StarterActivity$5
com/example/personalchef/view/category/CategoryPresenter.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.category.CategoryPresenter
 com.example.personalchef.view.category.CategoryPresenter$1
com/example/personalchef/categories/VegetarianActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.categories.VegetarianActivity
 com.example.personalchef.categories.VegetarianActivity$1
com/example/personalchef/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.LoginActivity
 com.example.personalchef.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.personalchef.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.personalchef.LoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.personalchef.LoginActivity$3
com/example/personalchef/view/category/CategoryView.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.category.CategoryView
com/example/personalchef/view/home/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.home.HomeActivity
com/example/personalchef/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.personalchef.BuildConfig
com/example/personalchef/GroceryActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$1
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$1$1
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$1$1$2
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$2
 com.example.personalchef.GroceryActivity$3
com/example/personalchef/view/category/CategoryFragment.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.category.CategoryFragment
com/example/personalchef/model/Categories.java
 com.example.personalchef.model.Categories
 com.example.personalchef.model.Categories$Category
com/example/personalchef/RegisteredActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.RegisteredActivity
 com.example.personalchef.RegisteredActivity$1
com/example/personalchef/api/FoodClient.java
 com.example.personalchef.api.FoodClient
com/example/personalchef/RecipeActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.RecipeActivity
 com.example.personalchef.RecipeActivity$1
com/example/personalchef/TimerActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.TimerActivity
com/example/personalchef/adapter/ViewPagerCategoryAdapter.java
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.ViewPagerCategoryAdapter
com/example/personalchef/view/detail/DetailActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.detail.DetailActivity
com/example/personalchef/view/home/HomePresenter.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.home.HomePresenter
 com.example.personalchef.view.home.HomePresenter$1
 com.example.personalchef.view.home.HomePresenter$2
com/example/personalchef/view/detail/DetailPresenter.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.detail.DetailPresenter
 com.example.personalchef.view.detail.DetailPresenter$1
com/example/personalchef/view/category/CategoryActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.view.category.CategoryActivity
com/example/personalchef/adapter/ViewPagerHeaderAdapter.java
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.ViewPagerHeaderAdapter
 com.example.personalchef.adapter.ViewPagerHeaderAdapter$ClickListener
com/example/personalchef/categories/BreakfastActivity.java
 com.example.personalchef.categories.BreakfastActivity
 com.example.personalchef.categories.BreakfastActivity$1
